README.md, before:

# ![RealWorld Example App using Kotlin and Spring](example-logo.png)

[![Actions](https://github.com/gothinkster/spring-boot-realworld-example-app/workflows/Java%20CI/badge.svg)](https://github.com/gothinkster/spring-boot-realworld-example-app/actions)

> ### Spring boot + MyBatis codebase containing real world examples (CRUD, auth, advanced patterns, etc) that adheres to the [RealWorld](https://github.com/gothinkster/realworld-example-apps) spec and API.

This codebase was created to demonstrate a fully fledged full-stack application built with Spring boot + Mybatis including CRUD operations, authentication, routing, pagination, and more.

For more information on how to this works with other frontends/backends, head over to the [RealWorld](https://github.com/gothinkster/realworld) repo.

# *NEW* GraphQL Support  

Following some DDD principles. REST or GraphQL is just a kind of adapter. And the domain layer will be consistent all the time. So this repository implement GraphQL and REST at the same time.

The GraphQL schema is https://github.com/gothinkster/spring-boot-realworld-example-app/blob/master/src/main/resources/schema/schema.graphqls and the visualization looks like below.

![](graphql-schema.png)

And this implementation is using [dgs-framework](https://github.com/Netflix/dgs-framework) which is a quite new java graphql server framework.
# How it works

The application uses Spring Boot (Web, Mybatis).

* Use the idea of Domain Driven Design to separate the business term and infrastructure term.
* Use MyBatis to implement the [Data Mapper](https://martinfowler.com/eaaCatalog/dataMapper.html) pattern for persistence.
* Use [CQRS](https://martinfowler.com/bliki/CQRS.html) pattern to separate the read model and write model.

And the code is organized as this:

1. `api` is the web layer implemented by Spring MVC
2. `core` is the business model including entities and services
3. `application` is the high-level services for querying the data transfer objects
4. `infrastructure`  contains all the implementation classes as the technique details

# Security

Integration with Spring Security and add other filter for jwt token process.

The secret key is stored in `application.properties`.

# Database

It uses a ~~H2 in-memory database~~ sqlite database (for easy local test without losing test data after every restart), can be changed easily in the `application.properties` for any other database.

# Getting started

## Backend (Spring Boot)

You'll need Java 11 installed.

    ./gradlew bootRun

To test that it works, open a browser tab at http://localhost:8080/tags .  
Alternatively, you can run

    curl http://localhost:8080/tags

## Frontend (Next.js)

You'll need Node.js installed (v14-16 recommended, or use `NODE_OPTIONS=--openssl-legacy-provider` with newer versions).

    cd frontend
    npm install
    npm run dev

The frontend will run on http://localhost:3000 and connect to the backend on port 8080.

**Note**: If using Node.js v17+, run with:
```bash
NODE_OPTIONS=--openssl-legacy-provider npm run dev
```

# Try it out with [Docker](https://www.docker.com/)

You'll need Docker installed.
	
    ./gradlew bootBuildImage --imageName spring-boot-realworld-example-app
    docker run -p 8081:8080 spring-boot-realworld-example-app

# Try it out with a RealWorld frontend

The entry point address of the backend API is at http://localhost:8080, **not** http://localhost:8080/api as some of the frontend documentation suggests.

# Run test

The repository contains a lot of test cases to cover both api test and repository test.

    ./gradlew test

# Code format

Use spotless for code format.

    ./gradlew spotlessJavaApply

# Help

Please fork and PR to improve the project.

Commit message:

Update configs for frontend node version

README.md, after:

# ![RealWorld Example App using Kotlin and Spring](example-logo.png)

[![Actions](https://github.com/gothinkster/spring-boot-realworld-example-app/workflows/Java%20CI/badge.svg)](https://github.com/gothinkster/spring-boot-realworld-example-app/actions)

> ### Spring boot + MyBatis codebase containing real world examples (CRUD, auth, advanced patterns, etc) that adheres to the [RealWorld](https://github.com/gothinkster/realworld-example-apps) spec and API.

This codebase was created to demonstrate a fully fledged full-stack application built with Spring boot + Mybatis including CRUD operations, authentication, routing, pagination, and more.

For more information on how to this works with other frontends/backends, head over to the [RealWorld](https://github.com/gothinkster/realworld) repo.

# *NEW* GraphQL Support  

Following some DDD principles. REST or GraphQL is just a kind of adapter. And the domain layer will be consistent all the time. So this repository implement GraphQL and REST at the same time.

The GraphQL schema is https://github.com/gothinkster/spring-boot-realworld-example-app/blob/master/src/main/resources/schema/schema.graphqls and the visualization looks like below.

![](graphql-schema.png)

And this implementation is using [dgs-framework](https://github.com/Netflix/dgs-framework) which is a quite new java graphql server framework.
# How it works

The application uses Spring Boot (Web, Mybatis).

* Use the idea of Domain Driven Design to separate the business term and infrastructure term.
* Use MyBatis to implement the [Data Mapper](https://martinfowler.com/eaaCatalog/dataMapper.html) pattern for persistence.
* Use [CQRS](https://martinfowler.com/bliki/CQRS.html) pattern to separate the read model and write model.

And the code is organized as this:

1. `api` is the web layer implemented by Spring MVC
2. `core` is the business model including entities and services
3. `application` is the high-level services for querying the data transfer objects
4. `infrastructure`  contains all the implementation classes as the technique details

# Security

Integration with Spring Security and add other filter for jwt token process.

The secret key is stored in `application.properties`.

# Database

It uses a ~~H2 in-memory database~~ sqlite database (for easy local test without losing test data after every restart), can be changed easily in the `application.properties` for any other database.

# Getting started

## Backend (Spring Boot)

You'll need Java 11 installed.

    ./gradlew bootRun

To test that it works, open a browser tab at http://localhost:8080/tags .  
Alternatively, you can run

    curl http://localhost:8080/tags

## Frontend (Next.js)

You'll need Node.js installed. **Recommended: Node v14-16** (specified in `frontend/.nvmrc`).

If using `nvm`, switch to the correct version:
```bash
cd frontend
nvm use
```

Then install and run:
```bash
npm install
npm run dev
```

The frontend will run on http://localhost:3000 and connect to the backend on port 8080.

**Note**: The `npm run dev` script includes `NODE_OPTIONS=--openssl-legacy-provider` for compatibility with newer Node versions, but Node 14-16 is still recommended for best compatibility.

# Try it out with [Docker](https://www.docker.com/)

You'll need Docker installed.
	
    ./gradlew bootBuildImage --imageName spring-boot-realworld-example-app
    docker run -p 8081:8080 spring-boot-realworld-example-app

# Try it out with a RealWorld frontend

The entry point address of the backend API is at http://localhost:8080, **not** http://localhost:8080/api as some of the frontend documentation suggests.

# Run test

The repository contains a lot of test cases to cover both api test and repository test.

    ./gradlew test

# Code format

Use spotless for code format.

    ./gradlew spotlessJavaApply

# Help

Please fork and PR to improve the project.
